Updating links/landing pages to contrib docs (#20005)
mdn/content: files/en-us/mdn/index.md

> This is the landing page for the MDN project itself. Here you'll find guides on how the site works, how we do our documentation, what guidelines and conventions we adhere to, and how you can help.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is the landing page for the MDN Web Docs project itself. Here you'll find guides on how the site works, how we do our documentation, the guidelines and conventions we adhere to, and how you can help.
```

> And we invite anyone to help! MDN Web Docs is an open source project and accepts contributions. There are many different things you can help with, from the simple (proof-reading and correcting typos) to the complex (writing API documentation).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We invite everyone to help! MDN Web Docs is an open-source project and accepts contributions. There are many different tasks you can help with, from the simple (proof-reading and correcting typos) to the complex (writing API documentation).
```

> To find out how to help, visit our [Getting started with contributing](/en-US/docs/MDN/Community/Contributing/Getting_started) page. If you want to talk to us and ask questions, join the discussion on the [MDN Web Docs chat room](https://chat.mozilla.org/#/room/#mdn:mozilla.org) on [Matrix](https://wiki.mozilla.org/Matrix).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To find out how to help, visit our [Getting started](/en-US/docs/MDN/Community/Contributing/Getting_started) page. If you want to talk to us and ask questions, join the discussion on the [MDN Web Docs chat room](https://chat.mozilla.org/#/room/#mdn:mozilla.org) on [Matrix](https://wiki.mozilla.org/Matrix).
```

> - [Community Guidelines](/en-US/docs/MDN/Community)
>     - : These guides are where to go to find out how to contribute to MDN Web Docs. How to help with tasks and issues, opening discussions, suggesting content and where to get help.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Community guidelines](/en-US/docs/MDN/Community)
    - : These guides help you get started with contributing to MDN Web Docs. They also cover topics such as how you can help with tasks and issues, open discussions, and suggest content. If you need help or want to contact us, you'll find the information here.
```

> - [Writing Guidelines](/en-US/docs/MDN/Writing_Guidelines)
>     - : This section contains all the information on how to write for MDN. It includes the policy for what content we write, the writing style guide, and how to structure our different pages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Writing guidelines](/en-US/docs/MDN/Writing_Guidelines)
    - : These guides provide all the information about how to write for MDN Web Docs. They outline the policies for the type of content we write and the type of content we don't write. You'll also find our writing style guide here, how-to guides to perform various content tasks, and also information about the structure of our different pages.
```

- [MDN Product Advisory Board](/en-US/docs/MDN/MDN_Product_Advisory_Board)

>     - : The MDN Product Advisory Board's mission is to build collaboration between Mozilla, its documentation team, and the key collaborating organizations that help the MDN community collectively maintain MDN.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - : The MDN Product Advisory Board's mission is to build collaboration between Mozilla, its documentation team, and the key collaborating organizations that help the MDN community collectively maintain MDN Web Docs.
```
